README.md, before:

# This repository contains the functional test for the login API.

## Test Scenarios -
Following test scenarios are automated -
- Valid login with correct username, password and recaptchaToken.
- Valid login with only username and password.
- Login attempt with invalid username.
- Login attempt with invalid password. 
- Login attempt with missing username.
- Login attempt with missing password. 
- Login attempt with a payload containing multiple username.
- Login attempt with a bad username(' or ''=').
- Login request without proper headers.

## Test Execution -
### There are three ways in which you can execute the functional tests -
- Method 1 - Execute 'mvn clean test -DTEST_ENV=dev' or 'mvn clean test' from Terminal.
- Method 2 - Execute 'testng-regression' from IDE.
- Method 3 - Execute the FunctionalTest class directly from IDE. 

## Implementation Approach
### All the Functional Tests have been implemented in following two ways -
- Approach 1 (FunctionalTestUsingJSONAssert) - This is the recommended approach. In these tests we are using JSONAssert library to compare two JSON. This library compares every single field of JSON thus all fields get tested.
- Approach 2 (FunctionalTestWithoutJSONAssert) - In this approach we have developed methods to assert JSON fields. Here we are not using JSONAssert library for comparing JSON.

### Test Data -
- All the test data (request payload & expected response payload) is stored as JSON file under "functional-test-data" folder.

### Environment Specific property file -
- Each environment has a specific property file. This file contains all the environment specific properties like Base URI.

### Parallel test execution -
- Currently, two tests are getting executed parallelly. This can be changed by updating the "thread-count" in the testng-regression.xml.
- We can also enable the parallel execution of data driven test by adding parallel=true to DataProvider.

Commit message:

added 'correct username in caps' testcase.

README.md, after:

# This repository contains the functional test for the login API.

## Test Scenarios -
Following test scenarios are automated -
- Valid login with correct username, password and recaptchaToken.
- Valid login with only username and password.  [I have assumed that recaptchaToken is an optional field, if this is not true then this is a bug.]
- Login attempt with invalid username.
- Login attempt with invalid password. 
- Login attempt with missing username.
- Login attempt with missing password. 
- Login attempt with a payload containing multiple username.
- Login request with correct username in caps.
- Login attempt with a bad username(' or ''=').
- Login request without proper headers.

## Bugs found -
Following two scenarios (user input) are not handled properly by Login API, thus these test cases are failing -
- Login attempt with a payload containing multiple username.
- Login attempt with a bad username(' or ''=').

## Test Execution -
### There are three ways in which you can execute the functional tests -
- Method 1 - Execute 'mvn clean test -DTEST_ENV=dev' or 'mvn clean test' from Terminal.
- Method 2 - Execute 'testng-regression' from IDE.
- Method 3 - Execute the FunctionalTest class directly from IDE. 

## Implementation Approach
### All the Functional Tests have been implemented in following two ways -
- Approach 1 (FunctionalTestUsingJSONAssert) - This is the recommended approach. In these tests we are using JSONAssert library to compare two JSON. This library compares every single field of JSON thus all fields get tested.
- Approach 2 (FunctionalTestWithoutJSONAssert) - In this approach we have developed methods to assert JSON fields. Here we are not using JSONAssert library for comparing JSON.

### Test Data -
- All the test data (request payload & expected response payload) is stored as JSON file under "functional-test-data" folder.

### Environment Specific property file -
- Each environment has a specific property file. This file contains all the environment specific properties like Base URI.

### Parallel test execution -
- Currently, two tests are getting executed parallelly. This can be changed by updating the "thread-count" in the testng-regression.xml.
- We can also enable the parallel execution of data driven test by adding parallel=true to DataProvider.
